If only the weather were this reliable.
I wish it were summer.
It's important that our Judiciary be full.
Hassan asks that a shaman abstract a talc cataplasm that can thwart a blatant rash.
The ultimate goal of the Arabs is that the distinction be made.
It's not really vital he be involved in this call.
It seemed fated that the project take its name from the Scripture celebrating renewal. 
If  it were not for the pleadings of my granddaughter, you would be dead already.
If  you weren't a Doone, I could almost like you.
Harris was determined that the film be authentic.
After vehemently defending the procedures outlined in the many articles, KB's, and publications from MS regarding the best practices of EFS use, I have come across some new information which mandates that I consume a morsel of crow.
Growing up, my mother was so concerned that we not be brought up as Irish. 
It was so important to my mother that we be thought of as classic Irish.
I did not dictate to the President how he go about.
I wish it were enough.
If  it were, then you wouldn't be the man I feel in love with.
This would be wise advice, if only the situation were like that, if the job were done and it were time to relax. 
If  only that were true! 
If the job really were done, if there were nothing at stake except credit, perhaps it would be wiser to let the matter drop. But we are not in that position.
The Gore campaign is eager that their candidate step out of the shadows.
If  that had failed, he would have urged that the matter be resolved in a family court. 
It is imperative that everyone play pianissimo during the spoken monologue.
We are adamant that that not happen. 
Last year, North Carolina became the first to mandate its police collect such data, and after being threatened with federal investigations, New Jersey and Maryland reached agreements with the federal government ensuring that state troopers would no longer pull over cars based on the driver's skin color.
It is in the interest of the United States that Russia be a democracy. 
They recommend he remain in jail for another six months until the next review.
And that should put you to rest on any terrain, be it off road or on.
He wishes he were us now.
William Lambeth presented a bill that the SGA request the university add the official abbreviation of campus buildings, what students see in the timetable, to each building sign.
Mendoza called the junta's action an effort to prevent a bloodbath amid the Indians' revolt and asked that the military officers who backed the uprising not be punished.
It is extremely urgent that we talk with you right now, sir.
The court blocked an Immigration and Naturalization Service order that the boy be returned to his father in Cuba.
But if you were a scientist, I think you should ask yourself the same question.
It's essential that my kids pitch in.
According to a separate lawsuit, another Nichiei employee demanded a debtor sell his daughter into prostitution.
Twenty-eight of Warsaw's 42 prime-location restrooms were leased in early 1999 to private companies on the condition that they renovate and maintain the toilets.
A group of Albanians demanded that the U.N. Mission in Kosovo put its mascot stray dog, Unmik, to sleep because he is Serbian.
Installing the server requires that an intruder first compromise a machine by different means.
YTcracker, a 17-year-old from Colorado Springs, Colo., said he routinely sends messages to government Web site administrators insisting that they address vulnerabilities and adopt Unix or other more secure systems, but the messages largely go ignored.
The deal requires that teachers join the union.
My holiday wish is that nobody go to Lou's Burritos.
It is very important that the charge nurse and the attending physician work together throughout the shift.
I was going to request that television sets be turned down.
I requested that I stay near Knoxville.
I would respectfully suggest that you keep to your cabin.
She said company lawyers also have demanded the Web site be transferred to their authority.
I took all of the necessary information, but because of her attitude I did not insist that we call for a police officer.
The car is programmed to respond sluggishly, the way it might if the driver were indeed intoxicated.
Albright was an attorney, but more importantly, he was a conservationist, and a man who advocated that national parks be spread all across the county to preserve and interpret natural and cultural features and serve people. 
To deal with these problems of redundant and dual place names, the National Park Service and the U.S. Board of Geographic Names requested that a nomenclature committee be established in each state.
But if it weren't so big, it wouldn't be nearly so fun.
I was going to recommend that you buy a second-hand pickup truck, a beater. 
However, for your safety, we do require that you keep your seat belt fastened at all times while seated.
I think it is very critical that Bill Bradley address those issues which politicians have avoided. 
But Parks, upset over the group's vulgarity and profanity, is suing for $25,000 and has asked that her name be removed from all OutKast products.
Husbands, especially if there were a lot of property involved, needed to know that their heirs were legitimate. 
Hadrian decreed that a new temple be built in the honor of Jupiter.
The FAA has since mandated that this early-warning radar system never be disabled. 
However this plays in Knoxville, it seems calculated to play well in Nashville where additional state funding is essential lest the name of the game at UT become Stop the Music.
Well, she has said that the top priority of the tribunal is that Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic and that the Bosnian Serb leaders be arrested and brought to the Hague.
I just wish it were easier to use !
I am rather anxious that she discuss this with me soon.
That would have been a huge win, if they were able to pull it off.
It is important that he tell the truth now, lest he be doubted later.
It is imperative that we eat soon.
The ability to find loopholes in a system, be they mathematical, systematical, or procedural, is vital to a cryptographer.
We would prefer, I'm sure, some form of representative government be installed in the next couple of days.
Political correctness is a threat to free speech because special interest groups are not content just to put forth their views, but demand that the opposing view be silenced. 
If  modern business people weren't able to hold a drink, grab a bite, shake hands and extract a business card all at the same time, the commercial world would grind to a halt.
A sniper would be almost immediately killed if he were captured.
Any transform, be it monotonic or nonmonotonic, of a Fourier-transform surrogate should be temporally reversible. 
I was suggesting that we sit down for a while and discuss this.
My concern is that we make sure we're consistent, so that we can use each other's libraries.
Arafat asked that Palestinian police chief Ghazi Jabali be allowed to travel from Gaza to the West Bank town of Ramallah to attend his father's funeral.
It was very critical that everything be done on time.
Custom dictates that the prize date be announced just days in advance.
For our sorority fundraiser, I proposed that we run a series of sports betting pools. 
The group with the most votes, whether it be the university community or health care professionals, will win.
Giuliani demanded the Brooklyn Museum cancel the exhibition; the museum refused.
It is imperative that we keep this confidential.
But director John Tiernan insisted that she lose her pleasing personality and get more in touch with her sensuality.
He also suggested to the board that a business manager be hired to help things run more smoothly.
It turns out that thermoneutral is 84 degrees, but that's if you're naked. 
So if we lived in a society where everyone was naked, or everyone were naked, perhaps I should say, then 84 degrees would be our chosen temperature for at least sitting around inside an office.
It is very crucial that we make it successful.
God help our country's future if we decide otherwise.
God save freshmeat and Linus. 
It was at about this time that there came the first indication that it might be better if Doctor Minor now be allowed to return to the United States, to spend his declining years - as he did seem to be in decline - close to his family.
He wants, but knows that he can never demand, that praise be showered on him.
There was a man in there who knew exactly what he wanted, and I found myself wishing I were as lucky as he.
It is critical that I see them.
Both bones were porous, as if the virus or causative organism were consuming them.
I'm going to ask you a question, and it is absolutely imperative that you tell the truth.
I demand you release him now.
If  he didn't buy a bushel of vegetables each week, I'd spit on him.
I insist you return my things to me at once.
Then I suggest that you run.
The King demanded that you arrive in style.
All I ask Your Majesties is that you show her the same courtesies as she has bestowed on me.
It is also necessary that a test statistic not be invariant with respect to a given hypotheses.
When we get back to London, you'll be paid in full, provided we have favorable opinion.
Inspector, if it weren't absolutely genuine, then why would they steal it ? 
If  I were a fascist, then I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago.
That's why it is important that this be done today.
I would recommend that you release him immediately.
In fact, it is essential that you experience pleasure.
Junior's inheritance is based on the provision that he divorce that Irene.
I simply requested, politely, that she refrain from spying on my family.
In order to control intersymbol interference, it is desirable that 1's not be too close together, or equivalently that runs of 0's not be too short.
God rot all royals - give us the wisdom of America. 
I wish this night were over. 
An important requirement for equilibrium is that the temperature be uniform throughout the system or each part of the system in contact. 	
If  this condition were not met, spontaneous heat transfer from one location to another could occur while the system is isolated.
If  the heat release were spatially and temporally distributed, not much return would be expected to the acoustic field. 
If  he knew the mountains, he would go alone. 
I suggest we open out orders.
I must emphasize the extreme sensitivity of this information and that it not leave this room.
Prudence demands that we deploy our ships to watch yours.
God guide your decision.
What if I granted you a kingdom?
If  there were any other purpose to what we were doing, only the orca knew it.
A sufficient condition, familiar from the calculus, is that L be concave in theta.
If  that were for real, how big would that measure ?
If  possible, I'd prefer the Gestapo be kept out of these matters.
You went so far as to argue that the colony be abolished.
I respectfully submit that you order that man to step aside.
I wish I were back in England.
I will be under oath, and I might have to tell them that it was I who found LeBeau and it was I who told you how to smoke him out, unless, unless LeBeau were released from the cooler.
What would happen if somebody were to blow up that bridge?
Didn't you see the directive that all personnel be clean-shaven, Commander Eddington ?
Mister President, under Condition Red, it is standard procedure that the base be sealed off from outside contact.
It is as though you had become Messala.
If  you were not a bride, I would kiss you goodbye. 
If  I were not a bride, there would be no goodbyes to be said. 
Don't look at me as if I were crazy!
If  only I were a man for one short hour.
Walk on through the wind, walk on through the rain, though your dreams be tossed and blown. 
If  we had a bazooka, then we would use it. 
If  we have a bazooka, then we will use it.
In general, this has a negligible effect on the correlogram, but if the grouping be very drastic, it is possible to introduce corrections analogous to Sheppard's corrections.
I wish I didn't love you so much.
I feel about Wilmer here as if he were my own son.
If  you were really great and powerful, you'd keep your promises.
I wish I were an Oscar Mayer wiener.
That is what I'd really like to be.
Cause if I were an Oscar Mayer wiener,everyone would be in love with me.
The sentence of the court is that you be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for two years. 
Yeah, but they wouldn't find the body if there was nothing left to find.
If  only everything was as dependable as a Chevy.
It would be ironic if this was the team.
Such information could be vital if an asteroid was on a collision course with earth, although the main purpose of the exercise is to help solve the age-old puzzle of how planets are formed.
Imagine the heads the student body would turn if the SGA was able to turn in 15,000 applications for voter registration.
Wish food was here.
If  it was me.
If only everything was as reliable as a Corolla.
If he was a rabbit, what would you do ?
I wish I had found a nicer apartment for next fall. 
If Sam were running for student body president, he would surely win. 
I recommend that he read Harry Potter before deciding all books.
It is important that Shawna complete all of the daily practice exercises.
Simone asked that we be quiet. 
It is important that he hire a lawyer. I wish I had a million bucks. 
I wish I were in the Bahamas. 
If  they saw your artwork, they would offer you a gallery opening right away.
The teacher suggested Erik drink plenty of coffee before coming to class.
If  Yoko hadn’t been sick, we might have finished the project on time. 
I wish you had taken an earlier flight; we could have had dinner together. 
She just wishes I had told her the truth earlier
If  my sister were dancing with a lampshade on her head, this party would be more fun. 
If  my sister was dancing with a lampshade on her head, I didn’t see her. 
If  I were a butterfly, I would have wings.
I suggest that John arrive on Tuesdays this month.
She wishes that Americans in the South were more formal today.
If  he were to bring Martha to Kosovo for the honeymoon, she might be upset.
A car might crash into his house if he were to build it on Interstate-40.
It is urgent that he be warned at once.
It is better that the package be sent directly to my home.
It is not necessary that he advise us of his decision until next week.
It was necessary that I be awakened by seven o’clock at the latest
They insisted that he be dismissed at once.
They will urge that the new government be recognized as soon as possible.
They requested that he leave the country at once.
We advised that the student be returned to Lackland for further training.
She demanded that he be given another chance.
The Board recommended that he be promoted to the rank of Major.
I wish I were ten years younger.
We wish we were back in our own country.
He wishes he had enough money to go home for Christmas. 
She wishes you would write her more often. 
I wish I could help you. 
I wish that I had said that. 
I wish I had known that you were going to be in San Antonio. 
He sometimes wished that he had never left his native city.
I have often wished that I had studied more mathematics in college.  
I wish it were still in use.
The board recommended that the motion be passed immediately.
She suggests that Mark work full time from Saturday.
He said it was essential that Johan guard the box.
It is imperative that the game begin at once.
The public have demanded that a flyover should be constructed at the traffic junction.
The disciplinary committee recommended that the manager should be dismissed from service.
The court ordered that the defendant pays the plaintiff a sum of ten thousand dollars.
The government official was willing to share some secrets with journalist on condition that the source must be kept secret.
The rules relating to test cricket mandate that the fielding team should bowl a minimum of twenty overs in the last session.
It is important that your son should start studying for TOEFL and GMAT straightaway if he wishes to go to USA.
Roberta had given them directions, suggesting that they headed straight for the old barn.
My dear husband insisted that we came here for the holidays.
Given the situation, it is essential that their questions are answered.
If  I were you, I should buy it.
If  you had got up earlier, you could have caught the train.
He insisted that all of us should be there on time.
I prefer that he should end his speech.
It's necessary that we should have a walk now.
He would rather go by bus than by train.
But for the rain, we should have had a pleasant journey.
If  I'd heard the whole story, I would have taken another measure.
It is my suggestion that the students be sent to Tibet.
If  he were here, we could close the deal immediately.
If  he comes next week, we can still close the deal easily.
The contract requires that any changes be made in writing with all parties present.
The attorneys suggested that he be given another week to come to Oregon to sign the papers.
They wish their supervisor were better organized.
They wish their supervisor would be better organized.
I think he may not have the confidence to go ahead as it were.
If  ladies were admitted then hot toilets bathrooms showers and certain other rooms would have to be reorganised to meet feminine requirements.
If  they decide that it 's necessary then so be it.
I mean even if it were a couple lIving together it would be just ideal.
It is essential to the consistency as well as the unity of this party that it be reaffirmed today. 
I suggest that Dawn drive the car.
I propose that Dawn be asked to drive the car.